So I was just talking to a customer, and he had actually this really good idea about how to improve the content quality of Marquee. So often, you wanna make sure that the AI, if it's writing your caption, if it's creating the content, it's writing in your voice. Right? You wanna make sure it's authentic to you. So how do you do that? And he had this awesome idea. I just gotta share it with you. So first of all, you go into your post, and you can go into any social, find posts that you have actually written, and you like the way that you sounded in it. So this is a very personal type post. It's something that I wrote. It's not refined. It's not super verbose. I just it sounds like me. Okay? So you're gonna take those, and you're gonna copy the more the merrier, but say maybe 10 posts and just paste them into chat g p t. And so I just pasted a bunch of posts along with a prompt, that I'm using a tool to write captions for me based off everything you know about me, output of voice, and writing instructions. So it gave a first try at it, but then I pasted in a bunch of captions that I've personally written, and it pumped out with these outputs. And finally, I said, basically and finally, I asked it to break that into voice and writing instructions. So in the end, it gave me these voice and these writing instructions. And I can just go ahead and copy all of that, and I'll show you where to put it inside Marquee. So if you're inside Marquee, you can go to the workspace and then settings. So if you're inside market, you can go to the workspace and then settings. And here you'll find, under the generation settings, So you could go into workspace, and then under your brand voice, you'll see these settings. And you will wanna copy the voice part that Jack gave you here and then writing instructions here. Now a little pro tip where you can even go beyond this. So go into settings, and this is where if you want to go to each different social, if you write differently for LinkedIn where it might be longer post, you know, Twitter, you can actually come in here and under optimize per social, you can put in additional instructions for each social so that it will optimize it for that social. Now to fully take advantage of that, you're gonna need to go to your posts. Open up one of your posts, and then you can click this little button of optimize for socials. So with that, you have created a fully on brand voice for yourself and Marky. Thanks to my, amazing users who are always helping me out, and happy posting.